feat(flutter): Add push notification docs (#5376)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/push-notifications/common/request-permissions.mdx

Depending on your users' platform and operating system version, it is likely that you will need to request their permission to display push notifications.

To learn more about the platform-specific guidances for requesting permissions, you can visit the respective documentations for [iOS](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/asking_permission_to_use_notifications) and [Android](https://developer.android.com/develop/ui/views/notifications/notification-permission). To best aid you in giving your users a good permission experience with platform idiomatic flows, Amplify provides the functionality below.

## Get permission status

The first step to request permissions from your user is to understand the current status of permissions. Your app may behave differently in response to these possible statuses below.

- **Should Request** - No permissions have been requested yet. It is idiomatic at this time to simply request for permissions from the user.

> - **Should Explain Then Request** - It is recommended at this time to provide some context or rationale to the user explaining why you are requesting permission to display notifications to them before then requesting for permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Should Explain Then Request** - It is recommended at this time to provide some context or rationale to the user explaining why you want to send them push notifications before requesting for permissions.
```

Reviewer 2: Agreed with this as well ^

Reviewer 2: @cshfang - wanna accept this so that I can approve the PR?
